
like Starbucks, fast food, et cetera, where they want to know if which tables are clean. or did Steve put the straw in the bag before handing the fast food? Simple stuff. Correct. And all this done on the CPU. All this done on the DL, which I'll show you in a second here. The DL is. Mini server, uh, it's an edge line. Uh, yeah, I want to be an edge line. Yeah, yeah. Because I'm always wondering, because yeah, you know, there were so many, yeah, big scale deployments. All of this stuff is on the edge. Yeah it's on the edge. Are you all of this is on the edge? Yeah, okay. So we'll do uh uh I'm not for the play for the game. I'm not for new yeah okay, then then you're gonna walk her through? Yeah yeah I've got to do one thing to uh start up my gemma here, cause.
I didn't get a chance to calibrate. But where are you in Germany? Uh, near Frankfurt. Frankfurt, okay. Oh yeah, so it's in the middle of this again. I work at Procemprom. So we're like. Oh okay. Maybe Lobesko or Computing Center? So they're like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're doing kind of stuff like this. Okay We're selling everything, which we have our own AI development department, but we have I'm doing AI infrastructure. That's my main focus and doing lots of stuff with Nvidia, of course. But yeah, yeah. Now, now we'll and we do the NVIDIA we do on the training side, but I'm going to show you inference. Yeah, inference. And that's really nice because we have an own IoT department inside our AI department. And this is something they really are interested in. Yeah, yeah. I could send you the steps to do this when you get back home. Oh, that would be nice. That'd be nice for sure. Yeah Just so.
security AI security, So that's it. That's a DL one ten. So that's it there, and I've got cameras, and then I have the software. But okay, something like did you spark? You're not planning on doing something like that because this would be like this, for example, the Jetson Tor from Nvidia. Yeah, so but you're not planning to do anything like that.
Uh nothing that I can say publicly here. Because uh yeah, we're Nvidia is an investor in Intel, so you can kind of think about what we're doing behind the scenes. Um I've got a couple things here. Hi Andy, how's it going? Good, how are you? All right, good. Thank you.
And I just have to uh, I just have to uh do something real quick here. Yeah, yeah. But I could send you the steps to build the general model. But, the real takeaway here is you can do all this stuff up to a certain level on the CPU. So which uh which Xeon six is it? Is it the six seven hundred or? This one is the just the Xeon six forty core. Oh okay. So really not the the highest model. Yeah yeah yeah. So how many cores does it have? Uh a total of four zero. So forty forty cores, forty cores, yeah I'll show you here in just a second. So it's a dual socket uh server or is it one socket? One socket sorry one socket.
Yeah, one second, Brad. I got to get Gemma up here. Okay, so this will get our. So that gets my back end going here.
Okay, then over here, this the actual server right behind me. So here. So this a forty-core Xeon six, okay? And, uh, let's go back to. Uh, let's play. You know what we can do. Watch this. So it's single socket? Single socket, yeah.
Okay, we'll see the burst on Gemma. So right here now, now we could go over to here. Yeah. And we'll ask it, you know, maybe let's see, we'll put bananas here and come over here. Okay, now I'm running Gemma. Yeah. Uh It takes about eight seconds that I'm doing the full loading and I'm using a burst. Of course, there. Yeah, and see right here it comes back, and I am using int four. And yeah, int four. So it's quantized pretty yeah. Yes, Yeah, I can do it in eight, because the CPU and I can do uh BF sixteen brain float. It's higher precision. I should have done that. Yeah, but then it's slower because the CF yeah. But oh, well, the key is on the CPU we support. Uh we support.
So, if I do an ls cpu and I'll do a grep for bf. So, The reason why we can run a model as efficient as possible is and we could train that. We could train their code camp is because we have the AMX built into the CPU, which is a matrix math. If you run this on an Intel CPU without AMX, it's going to be a much slower. But the tensor math happens right there on every CPU core. So here I can trigger and I could do AMX. But see how it is? This is what's activated for your hand, right? It's actually telling me that it's activated exactly. It's activated and it's present on the CPU so.
If I thought ahead better, I would have deployed the Gemma model that has in eight, not in four, so it uses less CPU. Yeah. So you regret your decision doing it on in four? Right, right. I was doing some other stuff. But anyway, but why? But, how does it uh uh do on the performance? Or why is in four not so good as in eight? Yeah, I used " in " before because I was running it on multiple machines to see the performance comparison. But I tell you, I always do BF sixteen so it doesn't hallucinate. Okay, like if I put a couple bananas here, yeah. So he gets confused and say a little bit there, yeah. And then we run Gemma again.
So this company, what does the people here have to do as the game? Oh, uh, so yeah, we'll play. You want to play the game? You can you can but you can um explain. I don't want to interrupt the uh see here. Um so we have this also running computer vision on AMX right now. So this everybody was right here. What application that somebody would use that? self checkout. Okay, so okay, self checkout. Without an RFID, It could be, you know, you don't have a barcode on it. So it automatically just here, gets automatically recognized if you trained it on that. Yeah. So it could be do twelve times a day. So here I could take this image see, and this is measuring how many seconds everybody's here, identifying and I could send that to Gemma too. Yeah.
You know, how many people are wearing glasses? Yeah. How many people are having one of these right? Right. Or smiling, having good vibes. So if you want, you can send there's my email, you can take a picture. I just say meet me at there. I'm on the engineering side, I'll give you the steps to deploy okay? Okay. So what does but what does the people here have.
Yeah, you see those are the that's a computer vision question. So we'll go here, okay? And then we'll go right here. You guys have something similar with your ARCS or whatever thought up there. Seven seven twenty five percent everything Everything between the green lines counts, and you are trying to get seven twenty five. So again, this is using computer vision running live on the DL. So CPU only with Intel AMX technology on the Xeons. And, we're trying to get exactly this random target in 30 seconds to win a t-shirt. Oh my god! Let's see. Oh, you did it! You did it! You got a winner! All right, Ava, come up. Ava, come with me. Yeah here I'm going to scan you before you go. That was totally random. All right.
Go go with Steve, I'll get you shirt. And oh, that's cute. Oh, that's nice. Sorry to interrupt. We have a winner. Ava uh t-shirt winner or bag or whatever Okay can we take a picture afterwards? That would be so fine, I'll give you okay. I have an S. I don't have smalls left, but I have medium M M is okay too. What color white uh teal or purple Oh purple. There you go. Thank you. Congratulations. Oh, that's nice to meet you. Are you want a picture?