
Networking, however, your success extends beyond technology. Which is why we're empowering partners with the expertise to identify and then build solutions across HP's one portfolio. Now, last year we announced we were going to combine eleven partner programs into one, and since its launch, the five star CRM rated H. The partner advantage program recognizes your technical excellence, and we do that through fourteen competencies that help you to differentiate, to attach value-added services, and ultimately to win. Now, our competencies also allow specialized partners to be able to go deep in a technology, to be recognized and then rewarded through higher rebates. And we know it works.
Competent partners creating two times as many deals and resulting in larger deal sizes. Now, to take advantage of our merged networking portfolio, We combine existing networking competencies into one and adding a new routing competency, which we've adopted from Juniper to make sure we can capture that opportunity. Now, speaking of expertise that creates new opportunities. We know demonstrating your sustainability expertise in a world of power hungry. Ai is critical. And that's why I am really proud that HP has been recognized as a champion in Omnious twenty twenty six Global Sustainable Ecosystem Leadership Index. And this recognition really results from HP partner Ready Market and HP Financial Services.
equipping the partner community with sustainability competencies, with tools, and with dashboards so they can achieve efficiency led outcomes. They're also continuing to elevate expertise by updating our trainings, Rolling out a revamped career certification framework that better recognizes individual expertise and by providing access to skill building tools. Now finally unlocking margins.
It's fundamental to our mutual success, And that's why our final focus area is how we expand partner margins enabled through our One portfolio. Now, first in hybrid cloud, we introduced a multiplier to help you accelerate access. Now from last month, every one dollar of hybrid cloud software counts as three dollars. Towards your hybrid cloud threshold, and every one dollar of green impact captures one dollar fifty. And this is important because it really recognizes the value of software-led outcomes. And, it also provides a path to higher membership levels in an area where we now recognize as a leader by both Gartner and IDC. Second, we are standardizing NV.
New business opportunity providing sellers with upfront margin for winning new business. And when you combine that with rebates for focused solution areas, like storage or competencies like virtualization or green lake flex, we provide total margins that up to twenty percent. Now, lastly, as you'll hear from May in the next section. With HPE Financial Services, We're also helping your customers to access the financial tail to progress IT modernization projects, and then you get rewarded with enhanced margins. Now, shortly, Hpe's Chief Sales Officer Phil Mottram will round up our One Portfolio section by hosting our Global Business Unit leaders and then exploring the innovation that they're delivering for you.
And also for our customers. I'm then going to rejoin to explore how we deliver on the promise of one program. Before I'm joined by Mark Bacher, our Executive Vice President and General Manager of HP Operations, to share what you can expect as we deliver on One Experience. Now before we hear from Antonio, let's announce our first round of award winners.
And the winner is. Congratulations to World Wide Technology for being recognized as HPE Solution Provider of the Year twenty twenty six World Wide Technology has demonstrated exceptional performance and growth, leadership in AI adoption, and a culture that drives rapid global innovation.
And the winner is. Congratulations to SHI for being recognized as HPE Financial, Services IT Lifecycle Solutions Partner of the Year twenty twenty six SHI, the fastest growing partner for the financing of HPE technology, consistently leverages all HPE FS capabilities and innovative offers, securing major wins like New Jersey's largest public university.
So, A big congratulations to Worldwide Technology for winning the Solution Provider of the Year and to FSI for winning the Financial Services Partner of the Year. And with that, please join me in welcoming HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer, Antonio Neri.
Okay, so Antonio, thank you for joining us. It's always great to have you with us. Now, since Discover last year, we've taken some pretty major steps to strengthen our position in networking. And it's been nearly a year now since the acquisition closed. I'd love to get your thoughts on the progress we've made, but also around the partnership opportunity around networking. Well, first of all, great to be here and thank you for joining us at HP Discover. I appreciate you taking the time to spend a few days with us. I think you would be very, very pleased what you are going to see this week. I was always encourage you to visit the show floor. You are going to see later on when it opens that we have almost seven acres of technology on display. It's a great opportunity not only to see our brand and the experience that we provide. But.
Really, the amazing technology portfolio we have built, which obviously includes HP networking now with the addition of Juniper Networks. And I have to say, we cannot do any of this without the support of our partners. So, first and foremost, Thank you for all the support you provide to us and our joint customers and for the spectacular results. We delivered for yourself. So congratulations to all of you!
But, like you said, we closed the Juniper transaction on July 2nd last year. We live in an has been now more than two years since we announced the deal. But I'm really proud of the work we have done together with Rami and our integration office led by our COO Joe Schultz. To put it in perspective, from July 2nd to January 2nd, you know those are five months. We integrated, Other things, we announced our HP combined networking strategy. We announced a number of breakthrough innovations throughout those five months. Obviously, one big milestone was HP Discover in Barcelona, and since then, all the way to today, more announcements took place. We integrated and unified the sales force. You talked about the partner.
Consolidation, unification—that's a remarkable achievement considering the large scale of companies coming together. And we continue to deliver profitable growth for our shareholders. Where just this past quarter, we saw growth in orders between mid-teens and almost thirty percent, depending on the networking segment that we participated into it. So I am really proud. As you said, we are building the best networking business in the industry. And when you walk that floor, you're going to see how we do it. It's not just the vision; it's the action. And that action shows in our products and our services and in our people because ultimately, you need to have the best people to deliver on that promise. And as you will see with our self-driving networks networking strategy, the unification of campus and branch at a structural layer.
The ability to service every customer everywhere in the world, thanks to your coverage and our partnership, but every deployment model. And then differentiate ourselves with modern architectures. I think we just started. So that's why I'm very excited about what comes next. Yeah, I mean it's a great opportunity for partners. I think everyone in the room has embraced it, and we look forward to seeing what you can do with the networking portfolio. So we recently announced our Q2 results As you say, they were fantastic. And, we saw really strong customer demand as customers prepared to modernize their infrastructure and to scale AI. I'd, like your perspective on how the partner community should articulate the value of our AI portfolio and why we are different from the industry. Yeah, I mean, look, our Q2 results and our first half results were super strong. Q2 was exceptional.
That's the word I use when I deliver the results with our CFO, Mike. And when you put it in perspective, we grew across all three key elements where we play: networking, cloud, and AI. On the networking front, look—this is the core foundation by which we deliver both cloud and AI experiences. And that's important because obviously, we think about scaling AI, whether it is in service providers or obviously. focus on training and infancy, and in enterprise where we are focusing now on the agentic enterprise. Having the network as a foundation is essential. Without the right network, the right security, you can't scale into AI. But ultimately, as we said many many times, AI is a great definition of a cloud workload meaning a hybrid workload. And that's why GreenLake Intelligence and the GreenLake Cloud Platform is.
To serve the enterprise segment of the market, because that's where we bring together all our solutions, particularly with the HPE AI Factory with NVIDIA related to enterprise, which is our private cloud AI. And, you're going to see a series of new announcements and enhancements to that platform this week as we announce products tomorrow. But for me, the opportunity with our partners obviously we cover the enterprise first and foremost. Together with our HP Private Cloud AI, our services, our GreenLake platform, our GreenLake Intelligence, your services, our HP Financial Services. We can actually help our enterprise become an agentic enterprise. Because ultimately, AI as a tool is great, but fundamentally has to change the way we work. And. So customers now understand they have to move faster. Nobody wants to be left behind and then scaling go further.
and managing that data is essential for them to succeed in this new area. Thank you. So, I mentioned about I just made some pretty exciting, I think, in the partner focus news around virtualization and around the hybrid cloud of volume. But, could you give us your perspective on why this part of our portfolio is so critical and part of opportunity around it? Yeah. Well, like always, you know, remember at least myself have seen every inflection point in technology. But when we went through the cloud conversation, we thought the cloud would fix all problems. In fact, added quite a bit of complexity to enterprises. And, we talked about cloud being an experience, not a destination and that experience being hybrid by design. And now with AI we are adding another layer of complexity more.
which is ultimately needs to be built on an experience that's unified, that the unified experience for the cloud experience. And so, for us, GreenLake and our cloud portfolio is critical. And software is going to play a critical role in being able to scale into AI. And so, for us as we think about building these solutions for enterprise, we are building them not just at the infrastructure layer. We are building an application down into the infrastructure with a cloud native experience, and then using AI as a way to deliver that experience in an automated, intelligent way. And, that's why you're going to hear the concept of " intelligence " not different than self driving networks for the core network as we go forward. And. So it's essential. It's essential to deliver on the promise of AI. And You will see a series of announcements this week related to the hybrid cloud.
Around governance, around scalability, And around data that comes with our cloud platform and our private cloud AI solution. And as you heard, we're doubling down with partners, particularly around the hybrid cloud portfolio. Now, you mentioned you've teased a couple of the things that we can expect tomorrow in this keynote. Is there, anything you can give in terms of a sneak preview of what you are going to talk about? Well, One of the things I am particularly proud coming to my ninth year as CEO that our vision or strategy never changed. It was all about executing that vision with a consistency and understanding the market inflection points that will allow us to expand where we play and how we win. So, that strategy is around the key tenets three key tenets right networking, cloud, and AI. Obviously, a lot of emphasis around networking so one of the.
Big chapter you're going to hear tomorrow is about networking with a lot of announcements, which obviously Ravi will take in the afternoon. For those who want to spend more time on the technical aspects, one or two clicks down. But chapter number one will be all about networking and how we power this new AI build out. And this industrial revolution from a networking - centric approach. And the second part is how we enable enterprises to become an agentic.
And at the core of that is exactly what we're talking about :, our cloud offers and our AI offers for all customer segments we serve in the market. But understand they all come together as a synergistic to each other because without the core foundation being rock solid on the network, you can't deliver any of that. And then we're going to take a peek into the future, Peek into the future. Because obviously, when we think about AI and scale and the announcement. we see with high performance computing, supercomputing and then quantum. What is the role HPE is going to play in bringing together that massive ecosystem. So we can make quantum a reality? So, a lot to cover tomorrow. It's going to be exciting as you can see. This is an amazing setup. We're going to have the room full, but the experience we're going to bring together individuals and the content is going to be amazing.
which obviously is going to translate into the floor. So, remember, It's not just about the keynote ;. It's about spend the next two days on the floor talking to our people because that's how you connect the dots. Because ultimately, That's where you're going to sell when you go back to talk to your customers. So, You heard it here first : nine AM tomorrow keynote be here early. So And last question before I let you go : You're always very clear about the expectations you have, and we have this unique opportunity. Once a year to reinforce what we need from our partner community. So that's really my last question. You know, what do we need from partners as we prepare for FY twenty seven? Well, first of all, I want to say thank you and words of gratitude for everything you do with us and for our customers. Without your support, we cannot do the things we do the way we serve the market. And as always said, we don't take it for granted. There is always things we need to improve.
But I hope you understand our role is to make you relevant because relevance drives growth, and growth drives profit with the right solutions. But I think you know, as a reflect, You know back, but really going forward into twenty seven, twenty eight, twenty nine I am very bullish about Philip Backer Enterprise. What, we have built over the last few years, q two and Q. One in the first half was not that coincidence ;. It was a series of. Curated strategic moves that we spend a lot of time, and we are finally getting some credit in the market. But the reality is that you have a complete portfolio. Every customer challenge that you run into, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and you with your capabilities and expertise, we can go solve. And so that's what excites me because together we can do anything. But the reality is we need to.
Stay focused in these three key domains. We continue to simplify where it's possible, both the portfolio and the experience. Because I'm, the first to recognize that we have the most complete portfolio on the planet to serve the enterprise and all other customer segments, but sometimes you can get complex because you have to learn everything. So make the choices, be clear with us where you want to be in the market with us, where you don't want to be in the market with us. But I tell you, our role is to grow together with you. And I think twenty seven would be another strong year. But, it's twenty seven all the way to the end of the decade because the demand is going to continue to be very, very strong. And I know you are going to have Mark here talking later about the challenges in the current transition that we are experiencing with commodity and cost, and that's driven by the technology shift we all experiencing below.
is a challenge, but it's an opportunity. And I think, you know, we should take advantage of what we have built together to grow together. So I'm excited. So, thank you again for everything you do, and you continue to do for us and keep. And, it was actually a great intro to the section. We've got coming up on one experience. So as always, um thank you for your time. Thank you being committed to our partners. So uh, big round of applause Thank You Antonio. One of the most popular segments is actually hearing from our global business unit leaders, And then we'll explore how HP's innovation engine is creating more opportunities for partners across our portfolio. However, before Phil leaves this session, let's announce our next set of award winners.
And the winner is. Congratulations to Miriad 360 for being recognized as HPE Networking Partner of the Year 202 6. Miriad 360's exceptional growth, technical expertise, Go- to- market strategy and focus on customer outcomes make them a trusted strategic HPE Networking partner.
And the winner is. Congratulations to F - time Corporation for being recognized as HPE Hybrid Cloud Solution Partner of the Year 202 6. F-time Corporation significantly accelerated GreenLake adoption in Japan, capturing new logos and driving HPE private cloud solutions with exceptional results. So Big congratulations to Miriad360 for winning the Networking Partner of the Year, And of course, to FTime Corporation for winning the Hybrid Cloud Solutions Partner of the Year. And with that, please join me in giving a very warm welcome to our Chief Sales Officer, Phil Mottram. Right. Thank you Simon.
And so, let me add my personal congratulations to all of our award winners. I am pleased to be here with you all here today. And in this next session, Which is going to be pretty tight actually, because we've got three kind of sections we're going to try and cram into the next thirty minutes, We're going to hear about the big trends that we're seeing in the market and where our customers come in to ask us for help. And so what I am going to be doing is inviting our business leaders To join me on the stage to talk about their latest innovations and also the growth opportunities that they see for all of you here in the room across AI, compute, hybrid cloud and networking. So let's get this started. Just going to have to be pretty quick. I'm welcome to the stage Maeve Quilty, who is the Executive Vice President and CEO for HP Financial Services, and Neil McDonald who is the Executive Vice President, President and General Manager.
Oh, sorry. How are you doing? Right then, so we should be able to get through. So Neil, what are you hearing from partners right now? I am hearing a lot from a lot of the people in the room and the whole partner community. We know that this supply environment is difficult and that it's added a lot of work too much work for you and your teams. You are dealing with supply availability challenges. You are dealing with higher prices and pricing changes, And you are dealing with customers who all have serious budget challenges because of the dynamics in the industry as a whole. And what we don't expect is supply situation to resolve anytime soon. We've made three changes this month that we believe will be a start to help you in this circumstance. Number one, faster delivery starts with no.
Knowing where the best available supply is, so to make that easier for you, We've introduced new smart bundles into OCA, which are pre configured workload specific templates that are built using the best available supply and are updated continuously. The second thing is to address pricing. We've introduced a new set of smart choice SKUs that are much more competitively priced. And these configurations are also aligned to the best available supply. Number three, and I think this going to be your favorite. I want to make an announcement, and this something that we haven't communicated to anybody because we wanted you, our partner community, to hear it first. One of the things I've consistently heard from you is that dealing with fourteen - day quotes is really challenging to get.
through customers' decision cycles while the codes still valid, and that's creating a lot more work for you. Well, the great news is that starting tomorrow, we are moving our standard code validity out to thirty days for new servers, storage, and green light licenses. Thank you everyone for working with us through a pretty rough tough time. Over the last few months, during the first half of the year, commodity costs were changing in an extremely dynamic way. Which is why we had to shorten up the core validities. And, our goal right now is to be able to stand behind what we're offering you and extend back core validity because while we still see prices and costs increasing in the coming months, we see it moderating. And so we're leaning in to help you close more business with longer validity.
Well, that's great news. And maybe a follow up question as well, Neil. Given the current environment, where are the biggest opportunities right now? Well, There is two massive shifts going on. And then there is a whole set of other opportunities that we have. The first shift is AI, which is an opportunity for all of you and all of your customers. Hpe offers a very wide range of AI solutions from our turnkey private cloud AI solutions that execute. and enterprises adoption and deployment of getting benefits from AI, to our AI factories at scale for larger organizations and model builders. And as you heard from Simon, to support the growth of agentic AI, we've also continued to transform our portfolio. And this month we've just introduced the new HPE ProLiant DL394, which is using the latest NVIDIA B100 GPU.
And we're really excited to have that in the lineup. The second big opportunity is edge. By twenty twenty seven, More than half of enterprise data will be getting processed outside of traditional data center environments, and every one of those environments is different. Every edge has a different set of needs. That's why we offer a complete portfolio with a wide range of different form factors for different verticals and use cases. And we've recently extended that with the new ProLiant DL2000, which is designed for the most space-constrained and extreme environments in defense, manufacturing, and retail. The edge can be also really hard to secure and manage. And, one of the things that sets us apart and creates opportunity for you is the industry - leading security and management that we've embedded in all of our edge offerings. There's a couple of other areas beyond those big themes though.
Recently, Idc MarketScape recognized HPE's S cale - up 320 0 system as the leader in SAP HANA certified servers. And a few weeks later, we raised the bar again, introducing the successor, the Scale-up 3250, which includes the highest memory capacity supported and certified by SAP for their workloads. More broadly. Across the whole portfolio with Gen 12, what customers are seeing the benefits of modernization. They realize that they can't wait because costs are going to continue to increase over time, and their aged infrastructure cannot keep up with the business demands that they're facing. So, that renewal opportunity with Gen 12 continues to go really, really well and we all have a ton more opportunity there.
But, despite all of these great introductions and all this innovation coming from the product teams, The most important innovation for customers right now is helping them save money and redirect their IT budgets to deal with the cost of infrastructure. So we're really excited to have Cloud Physics Plus, which enables you to walk into your customer's environment with real Data showing them the inefficiency and the over provisioning that they have inside their infrastructure, And helping identify where they can free up budget in order to continue modernizing and innovating. Thank you for that. Right now, a question for you, Dave. So, I was at the HP Partner Advisory Board recently. One thing that I kept on hearing from partners with HPE FS:
is kind of like the secret weapon for HPE, and why do you think that's the case? Thanks, Phil. And obviously, we were the secret weapon. We're trying not to be so secret. So what we're seeing right now is customers' buying behavior really changing. And this week, The innovation that's outside the door in the showcase from servers to networking to hyper cloud. We want to make sure that you're enabling your customers to get access to that innovation as quickly as possible. But it only matters if customers can afford it, deploy it, and get value from it. Customers need flexibility and options. So earlier this year, we conducted research because of what was happening in the market dynamic to understand how customers' behavior was changing. And our customers told us they were extending hardware.
Life, they're delaying refreshions, but budget is increasing with AI deployments. And, there is a clear opportunity across our entire partner network to leverage our financing and technology expertise to help solve these problems. I am going to give you an example, ;, you are going to love this one. So, Your sales team, together with its HBR fast sellers and a partner's sales team in the US. approach to customer, they were selling a million dollars of software. They asked the customer, "Do you need financing?" And the customer said, "No, we're all good. We've got a million dollars in cash." Our very savvy combined sales force worked together and said, "They've got a million dollars in cash. Why, don't we offer them zero percent on the software and have them invest the million dollars into the hardware deployment they had deferred?"
until next year. And, that really is the very essence of how HPE and the partner sales force can work together to solve our customers' problems. Above all else, partners win more, earn more, sell more. Can I get better than that? So that's a great example. And for partners in the room, What are three things they should take away to help their customers modernize, no matter what they sell? Okay, three things. I might give you the sneaky fourth. Firstly, we've got new financing offers. So, when we heard those issues called out through the research at the beginning of the year, we needed to hit the market with something that was relevant, particularly around AI deployments, but it goes across our entire HPE portfolio. So customers' deployments take time and with our new ninety nine offer.
We're helping solve the deployment issue. So deploy it now, buy it now, deploy it now, Migrate and you can start paying later once you see the return of that investment. It's really simple: there is no payment for ninety days. There is one percent payment for nine months after and hence it's ninety-nine. So guess what? Most of the growing pipeline that we have today. is with you, our partners. Thank you very much. The second key is it asset disposition. So again, we help our customers securely and responsibly retire technology. This is across any equipment manufacturer. They recover the value in the old to invest in the new, and this supports our customers' sustainability efforts. I am going to give you an example of.
Partner that's in the audience today, DTP from the UK, and their customer Liverpool John Morris University. We processed in excess of a thousand servers and networking equipment for this customer, And we were able to give proceeds through DTP back to the university to support the student fund. I think we all would agree that's a good cause.
And lastly, and this is the third so financing offers it out of disposition. And lastly, from you our partners at the partner advisory board that you mentioned, our partners asked for more credit headroom, more credit capacity. We're working in a very dynamic environment right now, and our customers are changing quotes and building out infrastructure. So what we've done and I'm proud to announce, The team are supporting an increase to approved credit lines of one hundred and fifty percent, making it easier for you to sell and upsell to your customers. And I'll put in a cheeky little board if that's okay. The HPE Financial Services team is outside the door, and you'll find us by the winning Mercedes Formula One car. So come meet the team ; they'll take you through the offers and let us help you enable your sales team.
To win more, earn more, sell more. Right stuff. Well, big thanks to Neil and Ray. I mean, think about that thirty day quote validity and the ninety nine offer that's awesome. Thank you very much back page. Nice. So we need to keep this going. So next, on the stage, we have the executive vice president, president and general manager for hybrid cloud and the chief technology officer. A HPE for Dan Larusso, and she's going to be joined by Mike Taylor, who's the CTO from Worldwide Technology WWT. So please show me a big thing.
So, First question to M elba : tell me what you see as the biggest growth opportunities for the partners here in the room based on what you are seeing in the market. Yeah, so great question. So, I mean, we all know AI is driving transformation across the board. But as you are transforming to get to a next-generation infrastructure with AI, One of the things you have to do is really look at your traditional infrastructure. And there, what we're seeing is a huge opportunity for our cloud software suite, especially around VMware Essentials and Morpheus. In fact, We came here I think two years ago with a very ambitious agenda around Morpheus. We now have over 2000 customers and over a million cores deployed. So it's an amazing success. And that is because of you, our partners.
Because we deliberately set out for this to be partner only, so we've learned a lot from that. And so we're going to double down first. And I want to reiterate some of the news that Simon came up with today. So, first, you know, for those qualified partners, We are going to give you the opportunity to use VM Essentials for free for three years within your IT organizations. So that's number one. But probably more importantly and more important for our customers, is we all know in IT that as you go through a transition, you end up with a double bubble. You're paying twice, you know, at the end of one contract and at the beginning of another. So in order to mitigate that, we now have our migration program from Oracle. And with that, what you get is free VM Essentials licenses for the first year and free Zero Live Migration licenses to help you get through that first year.
So, taking away the barrier to entry for our customers. So, Please take advantage of this and make sure that all of our customers know and understand this offer. And then to double down on the partners, you know, We are going to make PC one thousand, which is Simplicity and PC three thousand channel first and also Zerto channel first. So it's really we are really invested in the partner community in hybrid cloud. And we need your help to have all of these customers transform. That's amazing. Well, there is a lot there, obviously, you can find the features. So next question to both Fidelma and M ike : So we're seeing unprecedented demand for AI, massive pressure on infrastructure and customers rethinking their virtualization strategies. From your perspectives, what's fundamentally changing in the enterprise market right now? And what do partners need to be ready for? Yeah, so I think.
You know, What I see it's great for all of us is actually as customers are relooking at where their workloads run, it's no longer cloud only. Okay, it is really the right workload in the right place. And we are seeing a lot of demand for on prem infrastructure, especially around AI. And. So that's where we're seeing a lot of adoption around private cloud AI for customers who are seeing that from a cost perspective. From a compliance perspective, from a sovereignty perspective, and from a control perspective, that this is the best way to deploy their AI workloads. So I think that's a huge opportunity for partners, especially with services. And, you know, I think Mike will probably have a lot to add to that. Yeah, you know we're seeing much of the same. I think that the models are getting better and they continue to get better.
The adoption of coding assistance from your customers and just in the industry is overcoming barriers that have prevented AI use cases from taking hold. And then, The reality of the security, both for offensive and defensive purposes, you bubble all of that with agent use cases and data that has to be either sovereign or just better protected. These trends feed into more and more private cloud, and it's inevitable. And we're seeing more of that with our customers. And the use cases today, while centered around data center, are moving to the edge and they're moving there quickly. So that platform, the transferability of that data, the assets, The custody of those things is something that's important today and only going to grow in importance in future. Yeah. Got it. Okay. And now next question to M ike : What's been key to the success you've seen so far in helping customers with leveraging AI?
Yeah, I think this is a should be a wake up call for all of us. I think in a positive way, you know, The IT sort of moving to the front office has been a circumstance. We've all been working on living in. Certainly, I think the advent of AI and certainly the possibilities of transformer technology and other capabilities, it's in the boardroom. It's pushing all of us. And I think as partners we have to think differently. We're not technologists; we need to be thinking about business processes and aligning technology to the business capabilities, both on how these companies save money, but more so around how do they use these capabilities to grow their business. And that material change I think over the last three or four months. And our responsibility obligation, if you will, as solid partners is to go out and ensure we're stitching those two things together for our customers. And in the spirit of HPE, right? So okay, and the last question.
So, Belma, on Wednesday we're going to be hearing from you in your CTO session. Could, you give us a preview of what we can expect to hear from you in that session? I mean, I think well. So what we've focused on for the session is kind of a path to an agentic AI infrastructure. And, but what that really means is it's not just transforming for AI as Mike said, ;. It's really about how do you do it with control. You know, how do you balance speed that every engineer wants to go at, and how do you balance that with making sure you are compliant? And in addition to that, you know, What happens when all of these agents are running around your infrastructure and they are generating more and more workload for traditional workloads? So, You know, so our belief is it's critical first to have a data foundation so you can actually find your data, govern your data. Make sure you have identity access.
For these agents, and then from there, how do you build your infrastructure on top of this foundation? So we'll cover a little bit of that. And then from there, you know, It's all great when we deliver infrastructure to customers. And then we all leave or some of us leave. But then you have to operate it. You have to manage. You have to operate it. You have to orchestrate it. You have to protect it. And so what are those important pieces? You know as you're looking at Intelligent infrastructure, And how do you meld that with an operating model that is consistent and coherent with the traditional workloads that we still all have to run? Because I think where we're coming into is an era of more infrastructure, not less; more complexity, not less. You know, agents working along with people, And how do we harness these together and make sure that we are delivering for our customers.
a cohesive experience that they can actually operate and run their resources on. So, tune in on Wednesday. I'd love to see everybody here. It's early in the morning, but I know that we will have a great time. We can do a little register to make sure that people turn up, but it sounds like a session not to miss. So please make sure you join us for that session on Wednesday. And there is so much in this slot here for partners around what we do with DME and all those great products. So well done to the success team. last couple of years, and thank you, Microsoft, for joining us on stage today. Thank you to Panorama Live. Right now we move to our last section. So as many of you know, straight after HPE Discover Las Vegas last year, literally over the weekend I think we closed the acquisition of Juniper Networks. And it's great to have Juniper as part of our HPE networking portfolio. To discuss more.
Please join me on stage, Rami Rahim, who's Executive Vice President, President and General Manager of Networking, together with Jaymie Meinke, who's the President and CEO of Mirantis. Three sixty s. So please join me welcoming Rami and Jay onto the stage. Right, so welcome Rami. Thank you, Jay. So let's start with you, Rami. It's been an interesting year, wouldn't you say? Tell us about how things are going with the integration first. You heard it from Antonio a little bit earlier; they're going great. It's a lot of work; I am not going to lie, but I would say that we are ahead of schedule at this point. I think any successful integration is going to start with culture and cultural alignment, and I was really very positively surprised to see just how well.
align from a cultural standpoint, Juniper and HPE were right from the get go, which allowed us to focus on what's important right from the very beginning. And that to me has always been, of course you want to get the integration right. We could not let the integration defocus us from what is really critical, and that is our customers, Our partners ensuring that there's no disruption uh to any of our customer deployments and very importantly, innovation. And our innovation engine is just on fire. Like I'll just summarize it that way. In less than a year since the close of the acquisition, We have been releasing product after product :, the densest routing platform for data center interconnect, the first Tomahawk six hundred terabit plus switching platform for scale out networking, Acentic AI Ops across Aruba Central and Mist. I mean, it really is an amazing accomplishment. What we've done in over the last year.
Many of these innovations that are on the show floor for all of you to witness yourself. And I will talk about some announcements in my general networking session tomorrow. Exciting times. Now Jay, You've been a longtime partner and you've been part of this integration journey with us. From your perspective, how are things going with the integration? Yeah, thanks for having me on stage today, Joel. I've been impressed with three things: The speed of the integration, Salesforce coming together, continuity of the product roadmap and the clarity of the messaging. I think if you would rewind back two years ago when the announcement was made, I think partners would have been a bit anxious. You might have been expecting some confusion in the marketplace, perhaps even some turmoil coupled with a slowing down of your innovation. But thankfully we've seen the exact opposite. For us that's huge, it really matters because our mutual clients they're not slowing down for anyone.
They're making long term platform decisions right now as we speak around AI, infrastructure and operational simplification. Look, Integrations like the one you embarked on and are still in the middle of it's hard work. We all know that. I commend the entire HPE team on two things : your transparency throughout this transition period. And for doing what you said you would do. That's rarer than than you think in these days. And uh on behalf of the entire HP Partner ecosystem in this room, thank you. Job well done. Thank you for your support, by the way. Right, so Rami, you've talked about the next generation of networks, but what does that mean in the era of AI? Yeah, You know, AI obviously is putting a lot of demands on the underlying infrastructure scale added complexity, increased expectations for networking. You know success is no longer just about speeds and.
It now is around the experience that networks deliver to all that use it, and those things, by the way, are either human agents and IoT—you name it. So today it's all about experiences, about security, about fast operations, about lower complexity. We believe that the answer is what was on the sphere last night and will be on the sphere again today—the self- driving network. And I know it sounds a little bit market-like a tagline. Trust me, it's the farthest you can think from that. Marketing is still important, but it's actually strategy we're investing in it. And, we have made more progress in delivering the value of a self- driving network than any other networking business in the world. It's as simple as that. We have built networks today that are self-optimizing, self-protecting, self-healing. And the coolest thing is it's not about miss or oversell; it's about both.
We have a single data science team that's developing all of these capabilities across both of these platforms, And now can offer the deployment model of choice for any customer or any partner. That's what it's all been about. And you should check out Remy's LinkedIn team as host because she posted a photo this morning. She posted a scale last night with some jumping up and it looked just amazing. I think my question is: Let's talk about the impact of AI and what it means to Veriato, three hundred and sixty as well as what you are hearing from customers. Yeah, great. So, what we're hearing is that the network is no longer a standalone conversation. A couple of years ago, as Rami indicated, it was about speeds and feeds and refresh cycles. But today it's about AI factories, GPU clusters, data movement and data sovereignty as well as cybersecurity. And when the dialogue changes like that.
Your client realizes that the network sits at the center of it all ;. It's truly foundational. So, What we see is clients want integrated architectures and solutions that work well together under real operational pressure, not just point products but rather platforms. Which, if you think about it, creates a much broader conversation earlier in the sales cycle around infrastructure, security, hybrid cloud and services. What we believe. Is that the partners that will win today to the long term are the ones that can simplify complexity across the full spectrum of their IT environment for compliance? Right now, Rami, where do you see the biggest opportunity for our partners here in the room? So, I think customers today want to be on the right side of AI change. And honestly, obviously, I talk to customers all day long all the time.
And not many of them know how to make that transition. They need help. They're asking questions like, "How do I better deliver experiences, accelerate AI, drive outcomes, and not worry about the risk and complexity of artificial intelligence?" And I think this requires a solid foundation. That foundation is an infrastructure. It's an IT. It's a networking. And I think this is the wonderful opportunity for partners today to help Our customers be on the right side of AI change. And by the way, I've noticed that many of our customers, CIOs, CTOs have dedicated budgets for AI. So, if the conversation tilts towards an AI transformation versus just, you know a bandwidth refresh, success will be better. So that is the big opportunity. And by the way, The last thing I will say in terms of this opportunity is AI is not only a differentiating opportunity for our partners ;. It's also a profit.
Making opportunity, because if you can't leverage automation and agentic AI ops to deliver much of the value, there is an opportunity here to increase your profitability. And I just i think that the promise here. The last thing I will say is, you know, As much as I am proud of our our sales team and our technology agenda and our innovation roadmap, we can't do it without our partners. So a huge, thanks to all of you for what you do for us, each and every day. Well said well said And then our last question for this session, and Jay, what about you? Where do you see the biggest opportunity for the partners in this room? Yeah, and again, I think it depends on the lens in which you view it from. But from my perspective, uh, the network has become strategic again. Uh, network as as you indicated wrong is now foundational to any AI conversation. But the interesting thing is it's not alone. So too is infrastructure data security policy amongst many many other topics.
So the conversation naturally expands well beyond just network connectivity. What's worked really well for us at Meridian three hundred and sixty is approaching every opportunity as if it's going to grow into something much larger than just a network discussion. So to prepare for that, we've invested heavily in engineering depth, the services capability, And getting involved in the sales cycle much earlier where the architectural decisions are actually being made, not just deployment. And that's one of the reasons why we bought Aviatrix. For those of you who don't know who Aviatrix is, they're a server and storage infrastructure company. We were a network company, But what we found is that clients were asking for more broader outcomes and more end- to- end accountability. That shift, if you do it right, leads to much larger engagements, much more service-led opportunities, And quite frankly, deeper client relationships, which I know all of us in this room strive for. I mean that's just a great note by the way.
This session off, and we talked about expanding from networking to the broader portfolio. And I love Rami's comments as well about being on the right side of AI and software developing networks. So, Thanks very much to Jay and Rami for joining me in showing you what's next. Right, so that brings us to the end of this section. Obviously, There was a lot in that you know, You heard about the thirty day quote validity, the ninety nine offer And then all of the offers that uh, Fidessa's group have got for you to sell Morpheus and the PM Essentials. So please join me in thanking all of the HP leaders and partners, Wwt and Miria 360 for joining me on stage to share the innovations across our wonderful portfolio. So I hope you'll take the opportunity to find out more information during the event. But now before we turn the stage back to Simon,
We're going to talk about what we're doing to deliver one program and one experience. So, I'm going to roll a video for the next set of award winners. Thank you. And the winner is. Congratulations to Softcat PLC for being recognized as HPE AI Solution Provider of the Year 202 6. Subcap grew significantly with the HPE AI portfolio, expanded geographically, and demonstrated commitment to enhancing their AI expertise by earning the HPE AI Competency. And the winner is: Congratulations to Ingram Micro for being recognized.
HPE Distributor of the Year 2026. Ingram Micro has won an exception with SPP partners by leveraging its scale and strong partner engagement across compute, hybrid cloud, and networking. So congratulations to Softcat for winning the AI Partner of the Year and to Ingram Micro. For winning our distributor of the year, And thank you to Phil for highlighting how innovation across our One portfolio, unlocks ambitions for partners and also for your customers. So, I now want to shift attention and focus on how we take advantage of this innovation through One program. And last year, hopefully you remember that we told you would simplify by bringing all our legacy.
Into one the new integrated HP partner advantage program. And today, our award winning program is exactly where we said it would be one framework, one incentive structure and a consistent way for you to build, sell and deliver services across the portfolio. And the good news is the foundations are staying exactly as they are. However, since the Juniper acquisition closed, We now need to accelerate integration to make it easier for you to engage across the new HPE. Now I want to be really clear : the Juniper Partner Advantage program and the HPE Partner Advantage networking centers are going to continue to operate separately for the rest of our financial year.
But today, I am excited to announce that on the first of November, We are taking a decisive step by bringing Juniper and HPE partners together under a single unified HPE Partner Advantage program. With one set of membership levels, one group of competencies, and one compensation model. You can clap now. And then just as importantly. We're protecting the investments you've already made, So partners will be enrolled in the combined program at the equivalent level, they hold as they enter FY twenty seven. So, I am now going to dive into a little bit more detail about what we're going to deliver. So, hopefully you remember already has three tracks: build, sell, service. And firstly on the build track as the adoption of.
As new technologies accelerate, collaboration across the ecosystem becomes more critical. And, the Build Track was designed to meet the needs of these partners through the Technology Validation Center and the Solution Development Center. And as the AI opportunity grows, It's essential that we strengthen ISV partnerships and build and bring solutions to life within the Build Track.
So, as a result, We're going to consolidate the technology partner programs for ISVs within an expanded technology validation center. And we're going to align closely with our Unleash AI ISV ecosystem. And this is going to make it a lot easier, a lot easier for you to validate solutions across the portfolio, to accelerate interoperability and also speed time-to-market. And then, secondly, We're launching a customer use case hub, which will sit within the solution and development center. And this will give you access to a set of validated, a set of outcome-based solutions, but also a place for all of you to collaborate within the HPE ecosystem. Now together these investments that we're making will support partners to build, to validate.
And market solutions in a much simpler and a much more structured way. I am going to share an example now. Today, with NVIDIA and our co-location partner Digital Realty, we're launching a smart city proof of concept leveraging HPE Private Cloud AI, our HPE Unleash AI partners, and Digital Realty's AI-optimized colocation services. And this solution that we co-developed. makes it easy to test and then host customers' use cases. And I really recommend that you visit the AI neighborhood that's on the show floor to meet some of the Unleashing AI founders. So, next, let's move to the sell track. And, we developed a sell track to enable easier resale of our innovation - rich portfolio of solutions. And, the aim of that sell track is to make it as profitable as possible.
To sell solutions, And the approach that we've taken has resulted in us being more financially predictable and more rewarding than many other vendors. And instead of complex point-based schemes, We provide very transparent rebates—a flat higher ten percent rate when you invest and you achieve competencies.—augmented with MBO to incentivize you to hunt. And we are committed to helping you accelerate even faster. Now, we've already achieved great storage results. We've aggressively grown in all flash, And now we want to scale object storage with the X ten K and to take this to the next level. I am pleased to announce that we're going to be rolling out an NVO competitive storage takeout from the first of July, and this is going to make it.
Even more rewarding to sell HP storage into a competitor's install base. Now, we're going to pay fifteen percent front end margin and up to nine percent in capex rebates. So that's a massive twenty four percent. Now additionally, We're going to evolve the FY twenty seven networking incentive strategy by building on the predictable, the profitable foundations you already know, aligning route And then providing you more opportunities to earn. And then finally, remember that last year for our largest partners driving full portfolio selling, we introduced Triple Platinum Plus. And, we currently got forty six partners who are enjoying that recognition and accelerated rewards. And by leveraging the program, These partners grew forty nine percent year over year in Q, two outpacing the growth of all others.
And we're continuing to develop new benefits. So in November, the enhanced development fund experience is going to launch for Triple Platinum Plus partners. And through that, we're going to provide earlier budget communication, streamlined planning and we're going to do simplified claiming. So the additional sell track announcements that we're making today is really going to help to unlock stronger incentives, to displace competitors, To capture new customers and expand your technology footprint, and then finally in the services track, which was developed to make sure that we can provide high quality, comprehensive portfolio of service based solutions. And I want to be really clear when we talk about services ;. There are more than enough services opportunity for all.
And that's why we're launching partner branded services. And partner branded services is going to enable eligible partners to sell and deliver services under their own brand, with HP backing them every step of the way. So you become the first call your customer makes. You manage the relationship and you generate recurring revenue. revenue, but we provide the engineering depth, we provide the logistics to give you and your customers confidence. And for many of you in the room, this is the bridge that you've been waiting for to manage services. And for all of you, it's about maximizing your margin opportunity. Now at the same time we're automating quoting, we're driving higher service renewals and we're delivering a more predictable.
revenue stream through the renewal automation platform. And then finally, We know that a critical part of our program is you and the community you represent, which is actually embedded directly in the design of HP Partner Ready One. Now as we move to FY twenty seven, we're going to continue to prioritize our sales pro, our marketing pro, our tech pro communities, but also the Airheads and the Juniper. Do we want to reinforce the value? We want to build stronger connections between you, and we want to amplify the importance of the role these communities play. Now, overall, We understand that the program framework that we put in place is pretty fundamental to your success. And in FY twenty seven, we're going to create this one program integrating Juniper. We're going to enhance that program to unlock new opportunities to build solutions.
And we're going to provide stronger incentives to sell and expand your services footprint. And through these changes, we aim to show continued leadership with HP Partner Ready Advantage. Right, I am now going to move on to the final section of this year's general session, focusing on One Experience. Now, since we began the Juniper integration, we've been on a mission. To create one simple unified experience that all of you in the room deserve. That started with close day one, that's the date we officially closed the acquisition on the second of July. Next, we had employee day one, That's where we welcomed all of the Juniper employees into HP and into the One Channel and Partner ecosystem organization. And then in January, We had sales day one where we combined the networking sales team, and then we enabled them to.
Now, I also want to acknowledge the partner experience progress that we've made in the last few years, and it's been demonstrated by pretty consistent high partner satisfaction scores. However, I think there is more work to be done because when you build the most comprehensive portfolio in the industry, it does sometimes create some level of complexity. From different onboarding experiences, different partner portals, three deal registration programs, separate development fund experiences. And we know the complexity in your experience could be a barrier to success. So, that's why today I am really excited to introduce the next integration milestone. That's Partner Day One. Now from the first of November all resellers will.
You'll have one fully integrated experience. I'm going to walk you through that in a little bit. So, the experience you have typically starts with contracting, And we're going to migrate from two manual processes to a single unified automated experience. That's then integrated into your partner journey. And then once contracting is completed, you'll be able to access unified onboarding, and we're going to shift again from two fragmented processes. Often took weeks to a fully digitized journey with the enrollment taking less than three days. And all resellers, regardless of which parts of the portfolio you sell, are going to enjoy this streamlined path through our one unified partner portal. Now we're also going to make it easier for all of you to locate, use and activate co marketing materials through HP Partner Central.
marketing program. Now the Juniper content is already now integrated, and you can access that through a new intuitive chat based interface. As we move towards FY twenty seven, we're going to move to a single consistent development fund program. So Juniper MDF is going to be integrated into HP Development Fund Program, and we're going to provide you with one half yearly planning cycle.
One tool and one overall experience, which will help to simplify how you create demand. And then, once opportunities are created, you'll be able to access standardized deal registration experiences across the portfolio. Now that's going to come in H one with combined price protection and MBO rules. And then finally, We simplify our distribution landscape, Enabling partners to transact across the entire one HP portfolio, while still having access to specialist distributors in networking and security. Now, with one experience, we're going to enable higher seller productivity for you and less operational overhead, and ultimately a better outcome for your company.
Now, I want to be clear, though, that although many of the reseller experiences will integrate on the first of November, unified quoting, pricing and invoicing is going to come a little bit later. Now outside of Partner Day One, We've already been busy simplifying processes policies to make sure that we improve your experience. And that includes using AI to deliver sales and operational efficiencies. And to talk about this, our plans for the future to build an even stronger one experience, please welcome Mark Packer. Hello, how are you? I am good to see you. Yes, thank you for joining us. Appreciate it.
So, You've obviously heard that you're deeply involved in simplifying the partner experience with Partner Day One. But it's a bit of a team sport involving many teams across HP. But, what I am interested in is what specifically is your two team doing behind the scenes to help turn Partner Day One into a reality? Sure, I heard you talk about the unified partner portal a moment ago and the improvements that we're making. But some of the key processes which will directly dramatically improve the partner experience. And like you said, my team is involved in all of these, But there are a few specific highlights and examples that I wanted to share with you on this. So, first of all, obviously we'll have the single sign-on which is a big deal. But we've also embedded AI to make the experience more intuitive and responsive. We're introducing Partner Guided Journeys.
To offer a clear, structured path through key moments such as onboarding, contracting, enablement. Looking ahead, we will add mobile capabilities to get into next year, Which allows partners to engage with us anytime from anywhere and with the same level of simplicity and insights. More importantly, Imagine Partner Day One is also the catalyst for moving to a single unified. Master data structure: this is an important one. Fidelma mentioned the importance of data and a unified data structure. So, We've migrated all the Juniper data while converting multiple legacy systems into one unified master data structure, which will provide a truly single source of truth for customers and partner data, which is foundational to a great experience. Yeah, if you don't get the dates right.
That's right. Okay, I know that outside of Partner Day one, your team has already been really busy in innovating to improve our partner's experience. So, can you share a few examples or remind the audience of how we're already using AI to improve the experience today? Yes. Yeah, We've been actually very thoughtful about how and where AI is deployed by centering the decisions around the customer and the partner experience. And we're leveraging AI's capabilities to help us and you, our partner community, to manage complexities better. I'll give you two examples. First is in the intelligent quoting and pricing. Leveraging AI, consolidating more tools into one, we've enhanced the virtual support assistant to deliver real-time status across order, pricing, invoicing, shipment opportunities and deals.
And we're seeing that the response times are dropping from forty to eight seconds. And, you have the flexibility to search using your reseller PO or an end customer ID. And the good thing with Agentic AI is it's available twenty four seven. It's a good thing. And then looking ahead into twenty seven, we will add conversational AI to the quoting capabilities, enabling us or partners to generate a quote right from our virtual support agent. without having to navigate any other tools. So then, I want to sort of flip to look forwards. Yeah, Can you give a little sneak preview of the elements that you are working on today and the team you are working on to improve the partner experience tomorrow? Sure. The one good one is the partner compensation transformation. We'll improve our partner compensation infrastructure with strategic investments in AI again and automation to ensure payment accuracy.
And enable real time delivery. Some of the benefits here, We will see turnaround times improving and on time, payouts from eighty four to ninety eight percent this year already, Which will obviously be available into the future then as well and up leveling our payment predictability. And, we've accelerated data refresh cycles on the compensation tool, so that partners gain confidence in the data they are viewing. For example, CapEx data refreshes in most GOS at quotes from a weekly to a daily, and Greenlight partner data is now weekly rather than monthly. And as partners requested, We're now delivering more data granularity in their Fulfillment Insights around details like TCB order types or scheme level details. This gives partners more insights on how they are performing, making reconciliations faster and is reducing disputes by thirty percent.
Then, one more financial claims over the last year. Transforming the financial claim process again, investing in AI and automation. These improvements are delivering our highest end to end payout timelines while reducing our rejection rates and disputes. So, The I want to move on to an area that we've already covered a little bit today. So but it's really linked to experience. I mean, we already heard from Maeve and Neil about some of the initiatives.
To help navigate the significant challenges around pricing and supply, Can you talk a little bit more about the work that your team is doing in addition to help alleviate pressure for partners in the room? Sure, as Neil talked about earlier, it's a very dynamic supply environment. The challenges are real, but we HPE were well positioned to navigate those dynamics. We have very strong relationships with our supply partners. Strong, long-standing relationship with them, And we continue to work with them on long-term capacity agreements to make sure that we are well covered. It's tight; there is no question about it. And, they will be tight ;. The situation will continue to be tight in the foreseeable future. With tightness in the market, the supply-demand mismatch and the cost pressures are a result. This demand, and Antonio mentioned it as well; it's structural. We could call it structural.
The spike in demand is structural; will be with us for the foreseeable future, And we're going to have to plan and operate with a lot of agility together. Our focus is on supply ; on focusing on getting our supply first while managing cost and pricing responsibly as a secondary thing. No parts is no business, so parts is the first and foremost important thing. We're laser focused on getting our unfair share.
what is needed, but we're also giving customers the alternative opportunities to manage the situation. Um, they talked about financial services and what have we done with that. And, then there's the opportunity with cloud physics to help customers to optimize their current environment in a much better way. And then last but not least, What is really important : we offer, and you mentioned it before a wide range of services that can help. to navigate them, My mantra with the team is : when customers have to pay premium price for their infrastructure, we have to deliver a premium experience that comes with it. So, as part of our services that we're here to do, it's not just the support experience; it's actually strategic level. But thank you. And I think some of those things that your team are doing align with some of the announcements that Neil and Maeve made today. Things really going to help the community.
So, thank you for joining us. I appreciate it. And before we wrap up, let's announce the final set of award winners. And the winner is. Congratulations to Telus for being recognized as HPE Service Provider of the Year 2026. Telus and HPE's partnership. Created a sovereign AI factory with three times energy efficiency and one hundred percent domestic data residency, setting a global standard for sovereign AI infrastructure. And the winner is Congratulations to CDW for being recognized as H.
The EIT's Sustainability Partner of the Year twenty twenty six. Cdw is recognized for outstanding collaboration with HPE in advancing IT sustainability and integrating sustainable practices into their business. So, Congratulations to Telus for winning the Service Provider of the Year and to CDW for winning the IT Sustainability Partner. So today, We've shared the power of one, and in doing that, You've heard how with one portfolio, we're bringing innovation to market in a way that's much more integrated than before. You've also heard how with one HP partner ready advantage program, we're going to deliver a single framework, a consistent incentive structure, and a path to deeper expertise, higher customer relevance, and increased margins for all.
And then you've heard how with one experience, we're going to remove friction. We've unified contracting, onboarding, Developer funding and deal registration so that your teams can spend more time selling and delivering customer value. Now just as we close, I, just want to say a big, thank you to the partners who joined us and to my colleagues who were involved in the session. And then most importantly, I just want to thank all of you. I want to thank you for your partnership.