
What does it mean to be an architect, an artist, a scientist, an engineer? A visionary who designs with intelligence, creativity and precision in every angle. From the first inspiration to the first lines. From concept, To breakthroughs. Today, you're in a new AI era where you can be an architect. We're here to make everything you can imagine possible with a foundation designed for what's next. It starts with your network: intelligent, secure, and self-driving. Deploy.
Hybrid cloud design with flexibility and control across your entire estate. And AI transforming your business faster than ever. So whether you're architecting AI for a data center, an intelligent enterprise, or a vision of tomorrow, you can build what's next and change the way we live, work, and enjoy.
You gave me all around us. And you hold the key to what's possible. We're here to give you the intelligent, secure foundation to build upon. So you can unlock your boldest ambitions. Let us show you how.
Now, are you ready to discover what's next? Please welcome to the stage HPE President and CEO Antonio Neri. Good morning. Wow, that's a great crew.
It is great to be here with you. Hp Discover is where we showcase what is next and shine a light on the innovations shaping our industry and our lives. Today, we are witnessing one of the largest technology platform shifts in history. Workloads and applications are moving from being acquired by end users, but now being delivered by cloud end users in the IT.
Agents that will fundamentally transform how we design and build, how we serve our customers, and how we operate our businesses. I have always been drawn to how things work, how systems are built, and how they evolve over time. In fact, if I had not become an engineer in a CIO role, I would have become an architect. Architecture like engineering teaches you to think in systems to build for today, And for the needs of tomorrow, you don't design a building around a single room. You design a structure that allows the whole system to flow and adapt over time. Architecting for AI demands the same focus on discipline. Fundamentally, AI is only as strong as the data foundation beneath it. If the foundation is not robust, nothing else holds.
Across networking, cloud, and AI, HPE is delivering the essential building blocks that make your AI-ready foundation possible. Networking to connect your infrastructure in workloads at scale. Cloud to enable you with a hybrid cloud platform model to run new workloads and applications where they belong. And AI to turn your data into intelligence and put it to work. Architecting for AI starts with your network. For years, HPE Aruba networking has helped you deliver secure connectivity across campus, branch, and the edge, creating a digital hologram that connects your users, devices, and data. With the addition of Juniper Networks. We have extended that vision into the data center and across multiple networks, connecting the AI era.
Scale up, scale out, and scale across with our combined HPE networking organization. Our goal is to deliver the best user and operator experience possible. We will do this through our next generation of secure self driving networks across every domain. They fix problems security before they impact the experience. We make a new rollout faster and easier, and fundamentally transform how you manage your network. Whether you are on the HPE Aruba Central or HPE Nest, you get the full benefit of our accelerated innovations and global. Nobody is left behind on the road to self-driving. But the phrase " self- driving " may have caused some confusion with the Mercedes Formula One drivers.
Let's take a look. So, is it really performance? I just went to move to some time. No, what is it? Some self-want, some afterlife, some protective self-image. This is the real deal. Then what's wrong with this? Yeah. Come here, are you all good? I don't know. Are we. What does it give against the man today out there? You guys know what I'm talking about, HP's self-driving network, right? Good. Because it doesn't just assist, it runs itself. So you two can do everything else even faster. Air Force self-driving network. That was boring enough for a second.
We were so happy. I still am. I had the opportunity to talk to both drivers this past weekend, and they told me they have fun with that vehicle. But realities that they really are very, very keen and interested to understand technology. So, congratulations to the Mercedes team; more of us fantastic year so far every day. needs more compute. In the AI era, your servers need to operate more efficiently than ever. With HP ProLiant Gen12, You can get the performance to run everything from enterprise workloads to AI inference in a much smaller, more efficient solution. As AI moves from generating content to taking action, the demands on compute are increasing. Generative AI requires fast orchestration, continuous evaluation and real-time access to.
data which shifts from operation to the host CPU. That is why we are expanding our ProLine portfolio with a new HPE ProLine compute DL three ninety four three ninety four Gen Four powered by NVIDIA Ada GPUs. Ada provides the low latency memory access, bandwidth, and coherence required for AGI, reinforcement learning, and other CPU intensive. It does so with the security needs of management. You expect that, right? As AI moves beyond the data center, compute needs to move with it. We recently expanded our Power9 and H portfolio, Bringing secure AI -, ready compute to rack and distributed environments, so that inference can happen close to where decisions are made. AI also needs to reach the always-on systems at the core of digital business.
With HPE Nonstop, we are bringing AI-powered fraud detection and autonomous operations into high-volume payment processing. This helps financial institutions detect fraud faster, automate compliance monitoring, and keep transactions moving safely. The most advanced servers in the world are only as valuable as the data they can access, which makes storage a critical part of your AI foundation. The HPE Alletra Storage 9000 makes your data accessible, compute-rich, and ready to continuously feed your AI data pipelines. Across the full lifecycle of ingestion, training, inference and continuous learning. The X1000 now supports native file and object storage from a single architecture. It is also the first object storage platform validated with NVMe certified storage.
And for the mission critical applications, are on your business. The Avidra storage NVMe B ten thousand continues to deliver. The B ten thousand is the fastest growing all flash storage array in the market. Sitting across the top of the stack, of course, we saw as AI advances enterprise environments are becoming more distributed and complex. That's fine. Virtual machines, containers, AI infrastructure, and of course public and private clouds. At the same time, Rising virtualization costs are pushing many of you to look for more flexibility and choice. With HPE Cloud's Ops software, We have brought together HPE OneView's orchestration in a broader cloud operating capability into one unified operational experience. This enables you to modernize your.
In your own terms, while simplifying how you can measure, observe, and protect your hybrid multi-cloud environment. Security and resilience must be built into every layer of the stack of your architecture. As AI changes the speed and the scale of cyber threats, new risks continue to emerge. Resilience is no longer just a set of Isolate the tools. It is a converged strategy across your systems, your data, and your network. With HPE Silicon Root of Trust, we provide secure authentication from the silicon to cloud, helping verify that your infrastructure is trusted before your workloads run. And with Zero Trust and Cyber Resilience Vault, we help protect your critical data.
So you can recover faster from any kind of disruptions. Networking and security are also convergent. As AI becomes more distributed, The network often is the first place to see what is happening across your enterprise. With zero trust architectures and integrated SASE, the network becomes an active security layer enforcing policy, detecting threats, and reducing risk from.
Platform, we bring all elements of your AI foundation together with our GreenLake platform. GreenLake gives you a unified cloud native experience across your entire hybrid estate, with the flexibility to run workloads across public and private clouds, on hosts and of course at the edge. With GreenLake Intelligence, we bring a general AI to hybrid IT operations.
Helping you to, you know, see across environments, act faster and continuously optimize performance. From simplified network operations to streamlining virtual machine migrations, predictive intelligence makes your infrastructure more adaptive, more autonomous and easier to manage. So, you can spend less time managing tech and more time running and advancing your business. So let's take a look at.
Greenlight Intelligence is already inside H P U E Central. So when a major internal announcement is added to the calendar, you can ensure video call performance in advance. It runs on historical telemetry data and analysis. So when you ask for recommendations, It highlights likely points of strain and prioritizes video call traffic to keep your team online and on camera. It's already in app. Operations, so you aren't just getting alerts. Agents evaluate and correlate them in real time across infrastructure, cloud, applications, and operations. Because what's causing an issue isn't always where you see the symptom. Gremlin Intelligence combines frontier AI models with operational context to reason across domains, correlating telemetry dependencies and signals across the stack, delivering clear concise information.
Turning observation into understanding, identifying probable root cause even when it exists elsewhere in the environment, and recommending or executing remediation. And GreenLake Intelligence is already in the vMotion agents, accelerating VM migration, pre-validating compliance, testing compatibility and impacts network configuration and storage access. Weeks of work completed in minutes. Greenlighting moves that reduce expenses without costing you performance. This is GreenLake Intelligence. These are amazing advancements we brought for HPE GreenLake. By the way, what you saw here is just the beginning. In this commercial case, you can see how GreenLake Intelligence brings agentic AI to operations.
So, I will encourage you to go and experience yourself. Architecture for AI takes more than technology; it also requires the right people, processes, and partnerships. Our services team is here to help you through your AI transformation with HP Financial Services to help you modernize with confidence and better economics, including lower upfront capital investment. And with our IT Lifecycle Management program, you can retire legacy. Technology and two down the value into funding. What is next this week is an opportunity to explore our full stack AI foundation firsthand with demos, sessions, and conversations with your peers. This quarter is one of the few moments where we have the full power of the HP community together in one place. During the rest of our time this morning, I want to elaborate on two core tenants.
Watch strategy first. The networks are the heart of today's AI ecosystem and buildouts. And second, how we are enabling your transformation into a legendary enterprise in the AI era. The network is both the essential network and the main problem of networks. Nobody understands what is at stake more than our customers who are at the leading edge of AI customers like Vulture.
the world's largest productivity cloud hyperscaler. Let's take a look at what HPE and Microsoft are building together. Right now, everything is changing all at once. AI is reshaping our lives and the way we do business. People ask,
The reality is, it's not going to be. At Volta, we saw this opportunity early, so we got ahead. Today, we're a global cloud infrastructure company engineered for interaction and massive scale AI. Open by design from architecture to stack to community. Powering some of the most used real-time platforms in the world for model training.
But to lead in AI, technology alone isn't enough. You need people, you need trust, you need the right partners. This is why HPE is essential and trusted by enterprises. Success depends on how fast it moves. With its unique networking, HPE can scale AI infrastructure globally in real time without bottlenecks. It's open, automated and built to adapt. Not just for today.
This is the new industrial revolution. Together, let's make it extraordinary. Thank you to the product portfolio team for being such a great partner. I'm excited to share that this partnership continue to expand as we work together with NVIDIA to support the whole. Of growth, But what is building on the hyperscale points to a truth that every architect knows :, there is always one core element of your infrastructure that touches everything. With AI, that core element is the network. The performance of your entire architecture depends on it. Every byte, every token, every decision—all processed through the network. Which is why today we are bringing new HPE Juniper networking.
Our AI data solutions enabling more efficient, high performance AI environment. Whether you are a hyperscaler service provider like Neo Cloud or a larger enterprise, you have more choice in how you connect and secure your largest AI investments. Let me show you how it all comes together, starting with the model training use case. An AI data center is designed for one purpose: to bring data into Intelligence as quickly and as efficiently as possible. At this scale, performance depends on how tightly compute and networking work together. For customers building AMD-based systems with GPUs, We are introducing the industry - first HP Juniper Networking S cale - Up Switch purpose - built for the AMD Instinct technology. The QX fifty to fifty brings scale-up.
into an open Ethernet fabric that's not proprietary. It connects seventy two GPUs into a single graph, delivering two hundred and sixty terabytes per second of aggregate scale up bandwidth. You get the low latency performance required for large scale AI models with the openness of standard based Ethernet, Sonics and SONiC OSR support, and end to end AI automation.
But one rack is just the beginning. The largest models are trained across hundreds, even thousands of racks operating as though one cohesive cluster. Multiply that small delay across hundreds of thousands of GPU's over weeks of training, And your network can be the difference between training a new model in ninety days or fifty days. Think about that; it is the difference between. That is why the scale out method is so important. The Juniper QFX family is built for this next generation of AI scale out connectivity, a new addition to the portfolio we shipped yesterday. The QFX fifty to fifty is the world's highest performance, one hundred percent correctional ultra Ethernet transport fashion switch, powered by Junos OS.
It achieves this through low latency, congestion control and operational simplicity required to keep hundreds of thousands of users. But increasingly, AR experiences are expanding beyond single sites. They find multiple data centers in regions, sometimes hundreds or even thousands miles apart. That puts new pressure on the network. Between these environments, that is where the HP Juniper PTX routing family excels. Ptx is built to carry massive volume of traffic across the data center interconnect or a network that connect today's distributed AI infrastructure. Our PTX one thousand series is an ultra dense routing platform designed specifically for AI parks. It enables.
eight hundred and eighty routing, workloads, Interconnect with scale and CRN CRN plus for heterogeneous optics to connect data centers across sites without compromising performance. And to protect that connection, we have our HPE Network in SFX portfolio, Including our most popular firewall in SFX, four thousand seven hundred It is one of the fastest quantum safe firewalls on earth, delivering up to one. Of four terabits per second of security performance into a single rack unit, It helps you secure modern data centers without slowing down the application and AI models with ten power. But when we talk about complete portfolio for AI training, We support every layer of model networking architecture from scale up and scale out to scale across.
All in a single coherent architecture that is secure and fully automated. With the introduction of the HPE AI Grid with NVIDIA at GTC in March, we extended this integrated network even further. Built for service providers, the AI Grid combines NVIDIA accelerated computing and AI networking, including Spectrum X Connect X and BlueField with HPE Compute.
Security and unified orchestration across our full stack, together with the media, We are enabling a wide range of new real time AI services from conversational agents and interactive media to hyper personalized experiences across hospitality, healthcare, and retail. But the real value of AI increasingly comes from content. When intelligence moves closer to your users, applications, and data, Data Center's network built to extend AI into the edge locations like regional data centers and service providers' sites. Where the Juniper MX family of edge on-ramp routers is top of the class. Our MX three hundred and one brings the proven performance and flexibility of the MX family into a small form factor.
It is purpose built to move inference out of the cloud and closer to where the data is processed or inferences are required for real time decision making. Powered by Juniper's sixth generation Trio silicon, It has the inherent flexibility to meet your networking needs today and into the future. To build your inference environment, you also need a high performance switching. That is why today we are introducing the new HPE Cruniper Networking QFX fifty one forty inference switch, purpose built for distributed AI workloads. Also in our new the QFX fifty one, forty enables up to sixteen terabytes per second of switching capacity, connecting GPUs and inference infrastructure with AI optimized load balancing and end to end congestion control to maximize performance.
The fifty one forty keeps edge location, low intelligence to post AI on those close to work. Inconsistently, for faster AI responses and better experiences, The bottom line is :. If you need that network, built for the full AI lifecycle training at the core to influencing at the edge. AI is also transforming with the balance of the campus and branch network. They still need to secure securely connect people and devices, But now they also need to support AI powered workflows that depend on real time access to data without compromising speed, security, and reliability. That level of complexity cannot be managed through reactive troubleshooting alone. Your network have to see more, understand more, act more. Self driving networks.
Move from reactive to proactive assurance, understanding experiences, identifying root causes, and resolving issues faster. In the race to self driving HPE continues to lead. In fact, We were recently recognized as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for both provider and provider for the twentieth consecutive year. In addition, higher.
What matters most is what this capability means for customers like the Milano Colina with communities, Where HP helped deliver flawless network performance across a very complex environment, spanning fifty venues, hundreds of miles apart. HP missed about the network in real time, helping ensure seamless security connectivity for everything from broadcast live streams. To event operations and fan engagements, every moment will be viewed by millions. I hope you watch the Olympics while organizers operate with confidence, Knowing these self driving vehicles working behind the scenes to maintain a broad of reports. Today, We are excited to this self driving experience across our public transport network for you with two new announcements. First.
Aroba CX switches is coming to HPE. You get AI native measurements faster than traditionally. And augmented operations across your campus and branch environments. And second, which is what we talk about, cross portfolio, right? Marvis actions is coming to HPE Aruba CX. It's the first network assistant in the industry to bring conversational AI to networking. So your network can go from reactive to self-, driving with AI native operations that are continuously improved. So, you can see how much progress we have made with Juniper in such a short period of time. We are really proud of the progress we're making for you, our customers and partners. But across.
Customers are making the switch to HBN network, And discovering that the self driving network is a quiet network because it just works. That is experience we want everyone of you to have. If you are considering a change from your current networking provider, do not hesitate. I encourage you to start with a single site or even a single floor. Experience what the self driving network.
You'll be amazed at how simple the experience is. And I will ask you to not miss the promise in our general session later today, Plus our four networking spotlights throughout the week to see how our self driving capabilities are coming to life across every single domain. We have talked about the networks that make AI possible and how HPE has delivered the next generation of self driving networks that are so. Self, protecting, and self-optimizing. Now, Let's turn to the next major shift in AI :. We are the rise of the agent. Ai is no longer just a tool for finding answers ;. It is a critical part of how work gets done. Agents now reason across data applications, models, and workflows. They help you make decisions.
Processes and are increasingly taking action on your behalf. Soon, It will be responsible for thousands of agents that are part of your enterprise workforce, operating across every function. But today, much of that innovation is still happening in the local clients, in the hands of developers and small teams operating outside formal IT oversight. That speed of adoption is exciting, But also creates a real challenge : the shadow cost of an engineering workforce that now is being managed at scale. We have never seen before. Generative AI demands a new set of enterprise requirements. : agents need to be secure and governed with clear guardrails on what they can do, what systems they can act for, and most importantly, what data they can.
They need to be trained with trusted enterprise data because the agents are only as good as the data. And context upon this. And, then it can then it also be infrastructure that can scale as demand grows without runaway cost. When we introduced our HP ProLiant AI two years ago, We gave enterprise a turnkey AI platform that simplified AI adoption and provided full control. It brings AI to your data, not the other way around. So today, we are enhancing private cloud AI for the next generation of agentic models, helping you to run agents, run them in trusted data and scale your inference initiatives. That's a fact. What is new? You start with agentic open source. You can now register agents built in any framework and run them with security controls that protect API calls.
Identity and action with zero code changes to the workflow. A new three-tier identity model verifies the user, covers the agent, and enables human approval for sensitive actions. Today, We're also announcing a new capabilities for secure agentic operations with NVIDIA Open Shelf and NeMo Cloud. Open Shelf relies on modern networking runtime for advanced private AI agents. Policy enforcement built into how agents run. Each agent operates in its own isolated environment with guardrails for what data it can access, what systems it can interact, and what actions it can take. And when we move on, You get an open source reference stack and blueprints for corporate agent workflows that help you move faster while maintaining control and accountability enterprise.
As agents operate across production environments, they also be a new class of operational risk. Introduce a new class of operational risk, and that's why we are really zero to your agent in enterprise. If an agent makes a mistake, observe the whole ship quickly roll back to the clean state, reducing downtime and helping you protect your business. Governance in your generative AI is paramount, but governance alone is not enough. Your AI engines are only as smart as the data you use to train them. Traditionally, That required custom preparation for every use case and months of building the right AI data pipelines. But not anymore. Pragmatic AI helps make the data you already have ready for generative AI.
With a data layer and integration with the NVIDIA AI platform, you get a unified way to access, prepare, and manage enterprise data across your existing environments. Now, With the latest storage of MPX Ten Thousand as the storage layer for product cloud AI, you can build on high-performance data foundation designed for modern AI. The X Ten Thousand has Real-time metadata enrichment enabling MCP support, So your agents and applications can retrieve the right data and context faster across structured and unstructured data. That means less custom integration work, And seven to twelve months faster time to value compared to what you normally do, which is yourself or build it in a whole environment.
Once you have governed agents and trained them with the right data, It is time to scale across both agent AI and your broader enterprise inference workloads. Private cloud AI can now serve large models across multiple systems with multi-node inference, so capacity grows with demand. A new unified gateway simplified access to frontier and open source models. This gives you one unified API for model access with centralized credentials, budgets, and policies. We also expanded our private AI with new configurations that scale up to two hundred and fifty - six GPUs, Including the new ProLine DL three ninety - four with NVIDIA Ada GPUs designed specifically for inference. And for long context.
We're also introducing shared TV cache capabilities that reduce the need to recompute complex or enough. This delivers significant cost benefits to first token and massive performance gain in compute capacity. With private cloud AI, you have now the foundation to build your agent enterprise with confidence. What is make a stronger is the ecosystem that we have built around it. We continue to expand the HPE Unleash AI portfolio, our curated ecosystem of validated components, blueprints, and orchestration frameworks for private cloud AI. With more than sixty partners and hundreds of use cases, Unleash AI helps streamline and trusted solutions for scaling AI across your enterprise. From securing agents and models with partners like CrowdStrike.
importance to expanding where you can deploy our new capability of the AI, cloud AI, And the HAI system help you move from AI ambition to real world impact faster. Take examples of that for St. Jude's Children Research Hospital. That means bringing AI and personal to doctors and researchers, accelerating life saving discoveries while protecting highly sensitive.
Data also, Low start operations, the business behind the Dallas Cowboys. It means producing lower by lower streams and enhancing decision making across football and business operations. And from the right, It means being able to power real time event intelligence from crowd management, concessions to volunteer assistance and operational planning. In fact, the Ryder Cup organization are now.
The to turn the next event into a massive success by really using the digital three approach. So that will help them architect their twenty twenty seven experience. But, this are just quite a few examples of how we are giving you new and powerful structural paths for AI adoption that will transform how you run your business. And there is more to come.
Tomorrow, We know that also will share additional news from our CTO general session and go deeper into how our latest cloud and AI innovations. Help you build a new operating model for your IT enterprise. AI today is about moving faster from innovation to outcome, accelerating time to topic, reducing execution risk, and ensuring your environments are ready to perform.
Our AI factory solutions are designed to do exactly that with embedded network protections, edge-to-edge operations, and enterprise-ready support. We also meet you where you are, designed for your unique operating models, government's needs, and scale. For enterprises, I show how public cloud AI as a secure in- network prepackaged AI factory for your edge - to- edge enterprise. For model builders: Service providers and near clouds, our AI factory scale is built for large multi-tenant AI environments. And for governments, regulated industries, and sovereign entities, Our AI factory for sovereigns enables you to deploy AI in line with local data security compliance requirements. Across our AI factory portfolio and deep collaboration with NVIDIA helps you build the latest accelerated computing platform like.
Nvidia APEX and the newest H 100 line servers are powering now HPC and AI workloads. In supercomputing, Nvidia APEX and their new architectures are advancing high performance for both HPC and AR. And in AI factories, as scale, NVIDIA APEX with NPL 72 is driving the next era of large-scale solutions. Compared to NVIDIA Whiteboard.
Seventy two delivers AI training in one fourth of the GPUs and AI inference at one tenth of the cost per minute. So, Think about that : the massive gains you can get to get to that problem faster. So, whether you are building for the enterprise or training frontier models, HPE gives you a path to build and scale. And the latest NVIDIA Pascal recorders as AI scale scales across more users, more data, and of course, critical operations. Trust must be built into that foundation. That is why we're making confidential computing standard across the full HPE AI portfolio, helping protect sensitive data models and workloads while they are.
With NVIDIA Confidential Computing, The AI workloads run on a trusted execution environment that are the hardware protected layer for security across the stack. And for organizations operating in the most sensitive environments, we are taking that trust foundation even further. Our Sovereign AI Factories now include defense-grade security, hardened federal compliance readiness. Validated encryption standards and global data protection requirements all built in. So, if you are a defense government or financial services, this is the sovereign AI architecture you have been looking for. Architecture for AI requires looking ahead, anticipating the design of those trends that will shape your future. But, there is one challenge. We all need to overcome, not just in our industry, but.
For society and on the planet, and that is power. Every model, every product, every agent depends on power because that's its core. And the only factor is doing one thing: turning electrons into tokens. The US is on track to have a nineteen gigawatt power cut by twenty fifty That's roughly enough electricity to power sixty million homes. And then I said, "is"
Are expected to account for nearly half of the US electricity demand through twenty thirty One customer, Siemens Energy, Is tackling this challenge head on to help build the energy infrastructure of the AI era. It works, they are doing it by applying AI to their own business with HPE, helping deliver the AI foundation across networking, storage, and compute. Let's take a look.
We are at an extraordinary moment. AI is driving a scale of growth we simply haven't seen before, and it all depends on energy. It's a level of demand that's reshaping not just infrastructure, but how we engineer it. We are now designing systems that are more complex in less time. Data is a very important asset. That's why HPE is such an essential part of us. We generate enormous amount of data across our equipment, plant and operations. What matters is how quickly we can act on it. HPE is helping us to become an intelligent enterprise in important areas. We now have enormous compute power, so we can use AI in ways we couldn't in the past. This speeds up innovation across our business. In our current development,
Use AI to simulate and test more models faster to identify the best design sooner. With digital twin technology and predictive maintenance, we can detect failure before it happens. And in the future, our engineers and AI agents will work together, sharing knowledge to be more effective. We are attracting a new generation of engineers while arming our teams with the skills for what's next.
For me, It's about going beyond what has been possible in the past and how we use it to power the future. I want to thank this year's TED Fellows for working on such an important challenge. We are proud to support your innovations. Initiatives like this underscores a bigger point. As AI's scale of the future will not be defined by compute alone, it will be defined by how efficiently we can power, cool it and connect it. That is why research becomes so critical. For six decades, HP Labs has helped shape the future of enterprise computing. Your next generation infrastructure will need to operate with much greater intelligence.
Today, our researchers are applying AI to improve AI systems themselves, making them more scalable and more sustainable. This is what HPE has a unique advantage. We engineer the compute, the complete architecture from compute servers, obviously networking, storage software and security. And we apply that system expertise across the full stack. With innovations like Green Lake Intelligence, We are developing predictive self driving intelligence that can learn workload patterns and place data where it needs to be before an application asks for it. Across your broader data center environments, we are using AI to improve resource management, identifying high low power patterns and reducing energy water consumption without compromising performance. We're also advancing the next frontier of computing through our work.
With initiatives like the Quantum Scalable Alliance and our work in distributed quantum simulation, HP is helping bring quantum out of the lab into the real world. You can see that future taking shape right here at this cover, where a quantum chandelier sits along with an original HP Engraved One. It does a great reminder that, you know, high performance computing has come. And where it will be next. As the network, HPC, and AI quantum converge, progress will depend on how effectively we bring these technologies together as scale. Yesterday, We took another major step forward with the announcement of an expanded industry collaboration to advance hybrid quantum. Together with these leading companies, we are building a full stack of hybrid quantum platforms that extends.
Our world-class HPC and AI infrastructure enables quantum closer to real time, and we are moving forward. Quantum advancements like this are accelerating the path to faster, more efficient solutions for most of the world's complex scientific and industrial challenges. These are the challenges that inspires our HP labs. Ultimately, it all comes back to one simple, To advance the way people live and work, it is a guiding force behind our innovation. Our people and our partners' value. Today, We have covered how architecture for AI starts with your platform and how we can help you transform into an intelligent enterprise. We have seen the powerful outcomes that result from making your people with bold innovations that match with the right technology and the right partners because none of.
Our partners help HP bring these ideas to market with expertise, reach, and execution customers depend on every single day. They help us extend our impact, bringing innovation closer to the customer and communities we serve. Many of our partners have generously sponsored this week. Discover is only made possible because of you like us. The vision and the power of pursuing it together. So, I want to thank all the sponsors along that part. We appreciate you very, very much.
This is all this market has to offer this week. Keep these things in the top of mind. First, architect deliberately the choices you make today will determine your success tomorrow. Second, Start with a network ; make your network the core foundation of your AI and cloud solutions. And finally, choose HPE as your partner to bring them. Full stack to help you build your VR and AR experiences. This week is an invitation to think big, to move faster, to architect the future you want to lead and for the world. And remember, you don't have to build this future alone. We are here to provide an intelligent foundation so you can boldly think with purpose and unlock your.
Thank you very much. I hope to see on the floor and enjoy the rest of the week. I'm also very tired. Yeah, I was a bit of a mess at first. I didn't have any good ideas at first. And everything was so dark and gloomy. Yeah, that's what I mean when I say it's just like that now.